## Documentation for Business card

my first thought or idea when creating this buisness card I wanted to use animation to create my website, but as a I went on and did more brainstorming instead of making the moving parts of the website more interactable I made a gif for a background and used the blank space within the gif to put down a jpeg of the actual business card. For example my orginal idea was doing stuff like moving the cursor and having an animation play when hovering over a link or something instead of changing color which is defualt. I got too caught up with the gif in the background and making work properly to add anything else that is fancy. If I had more time or I go back to this project to flesh out a more professional buisness card I will probably keep the theme but change assets and add more links to places im located online. On the mobile sides of things I did not have to change much because when clicking the link on my phone it displayed the buisness card in a pretty good manner, maybe older/smaller phones will have issues but the business card is 500px by 700 px which works. I did not have to add any code to config it for mobile browsers. I like the glitch theme that I used for the background but I which I kept the theme consitsent with the card but I think it looks fine. IF I make a better website for my card I would like to use CSS grid to make things cleaner. I should also mention that the fonts I used take a second to load in when you acess the card for some reason maybe the gif is too large. But it is only 2mb. In this project I learned CSS and HTML from the ground up and like the project aspect of figuring things out and learning how to code instead of doing lessons. In other words brute force to learn. 